[ABOUT]

The following is a list of simple ideas for some social media networks that I 
think would be cool to make for the "SpiderWeb". The things being taken into 
account with these ideas are 

1. Target Audiences
    a. Online Research.
        Research about your target audience and see what type's of things they all
        have in common. These things can be used to show them adverts they are
        likely to respond to, reccommend them people with similar interests, etc.
        A lot of this part can be done with the help of a few Search Engines.
    b. Test it out and learn
        Demo the social media either locally or publically. Assuming that you area
        a no one like me, It's probably best to demo it locally. I will be demoing
        this to a few groups of people on Discord and to people at my local
        High School to see if there is potential for the app

2.  Growth Startegy
    a. Begin small.
        Similar to how Facebook started, local and small. Use the information
        that is available and then start expanding. Think like Mark and understand
        how to take a calculated risk. Some helpful tools for this can be "Ning", 
        an online platform that can help you build an Online Presence from the
        ground up.
    b. Go. Fucking. Big.
        Focus on a large demographic and focus your marketing on a larger base at
        the very start. This is what twiiter did and it became very successful.
        Unless you have a super unique idea it's best to start small. Going Big
        will expose you to alot of competition from the very start so it will be
        harder to grow.

3. SocialWeb Dev Checks
    a. The Moola
        Instagram started with $300 and Facebook with just around $500. It depends
        on how complex of a feature you are trying to develope. If you are going 
        for simpler functions it will cost much less. You could also have your
        SocialWeb be open source so that anyone can feel free to contribute to it.
        This isn't a really smart idea though since other people and/or companies
        will be able to easily see what you're working on and possible steal it.

    b. The Platform
        Exclusivly desktop, web-based, or an app? Know these things before you talk 
        with your devs. Use the data from your market research to decide on this.

    c. Base Data Volume - Traffic?
        It's nearly impossible to estemate your traffic 100% accuratly. It will be 
        close but not too close. This info is still very valuble to your devs. Some
        database options that you should think about using are 
            - MySQL or PostgreSQL for structured data.
            - NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB for a high-load and high traffic surges

        base your choice on your estimation.

4. Minalal and Simple UX Design.
    Look at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and any of the popular social media 
    platforms for inspiration. Light Mode with some sort of vibrant color is the 
    usual go to when it comes to these apps. They all take inspiration from the 
    Material design. Some sort of SVG based font such as AwesomeFont5/6, Nerdfont, 
    etc would look great and be really easy to implement into the design.

5. Promotion.
    The obvious thing to do for this is to advertise your social network after you 
    make some money. An easy way to do this is to advertise through Google Ads. 
    Making adverts requires knowledge of the current userbase, your target demographic,
    and what types of things people naturally react to when it comes to adverts.